[NARRATOR] Previously,
on Dragon Ball Z Kai,
Majin Buu set off
on a spree of destruction,
indiscriminately laying waste
to countless cities
and villages
all across the globe.
Meanwhile,
sensing Gohan's energy,
Goku transported himself
to the World of the Kais
and reunited with his son.
After just one day of training,
Gohan managed to master
the legendary and
difficult-to-wield Z-Sword.
To gauge the sword's strength,
Goku and Gohan put it
to a series of tests.
[GOKU]
Hike!
[yells]
[NARRATOR]
Everyone was shocked when
instead of slicing through
the Katchintite cube,
the mighty Z-Sword
broke in half.
But while Gohan
and the others panicked,
someone emerged
from the shattered sword.
Hey, guys. When did
that old man get here?
[SUPREME KAI]
Excuse me, sir. Who are you?
Ah, right.
You'll be very surprised
to learn that I am--
Oh, I can't wait
to tell you. I...
Oh boy. I'm sorta you.
Well, the same rank.
I'm also Supreme Kai,
but I'm from 15 generations ago.
[gasps]
Fifteen... generations ago?
What? This cannot be!
[NARRATOR] His mysterious past
will be revealed, now!
♪ Opening Song ♪
[NARRATOR]
How is this even possible?
I am so confused!
Then allow me to explain.
Ahem. Ahem.
A long, long, long time ago,
there was a particularly strong,
not to mention evil, fella.
Though, he wasn't quite as bad
as that Majin Buu chap
you're facing,
but I'm digressing.
Anyway, this evil son of a gun,
he went and sealed me up
inside that sword there.
Yes, he did. Of course,
I'm sure he was skittish
on account of my fearsomeness,
and that's why he did it.
Mhmmm!
[SUPREME KAI, KIBITO gasp]
[ELDER KAI]
Oooh-hoo-hoo-hee-hee!
But now I'm finally free
and feelin' frisky!
[whispers] He doesn't look
that fearsome to me.
Just looks like
some old guy, right?
Uh. I guess.
Hey. How 'bout we see
what he's made of?
Uh. Yeah.
I'm not sure about that.
[ELDER KAI moans]
Ha-ha!
[ELDER KAI shrieks]
[ALL shriek]
[ELDER KAI groans]
[BOTH holler]
[SUPREME KAI]
Oh, Great Ancestor!
[KIBITO] Are you all right,
sir? Please, be all right!
You dumb bozo!
What in the hell
do you think you're doing,
you rotten, little
dried-up turd stain?!
How dare you treat
a venerable elder Supreme Kai
like myself with such
disrespect, no-good crumb-bum!
Sure enough. He's just some
hot-tempered old windbag.
He's not even
a little bit strong, is he?
The reason my nemesis
feared me so much
had nothing to do with
my physical strength,
you numbskulls,
and everything to do
with the powerful
ability I possess!
--What could it be?
--No idea.
[BOTH]
Hmm? Hm!
What ability?
Wouldn't you like to know!
Well, I'm not telling you
after that stunt. Nuh-uh!
Bl-la-la-laaa!
How can I make
things right? Hey, I know.
If you tell us, then next
time I have the chance,
I'll get you a dirty magazine!
[shrieks]
Why would you say that?
You insult him! Apologize, now!
Hm! I don't need
your girly mags, sonny.
With my divine peepers,
I can spy a broad
takin' a bath or changin'
clothes whenever I want!
Please, show some decorum, sir!
[GOKU] What about if
I arrange for you squeeze
a real live woman's boobs,
or maybe her tush?
[ELDER KAI]
Mmm. Yeah? You can do that?
Oh sure, no problem.
[ELDER KAI chuckles]
[GOKU]
Ha, I knew it.
He's a dirty old man,
just like Master Roshi.
'Kay, so, Dad, how exactly
are you planning to deliver
on this offer of yours?
Well, I can't do it.
You know, 'cause of that whole
not-going-back-to-Earth thing.
But you--
you've got a girlfriend.
That Videl girl, right?
I know it stinks, but just
let him cop a little feel.
It only has to last a second.
Are you out of your mind?
There's no way
I'd let that creep
get within ten feet of her!
So, no, huh?
Now what are we gonna do?
[gasps]
He-he!
Hey, does it matter
if the woman's
not exactly a spring chicken?
Well, as long as
she's still a looker,
who cares how old she is!
[GOKU] Woo-hoo! Great.
We'll use Bulma instead!
You go and explain this to her
and see if she's okay with it.
Me?! You want me to ask
Bulma
to let some creepy guy
grope her?
Let me ask you something.
Can your ability
defeat Majin Buu?
Well, I can't promise you
anything for certain.
But I'm pretty sure it'll work.
Ah! You hear that?
For just one little boob
or butt grab, all of Earth--
no, no, the whole universe--
can be saved from destruction!
Yeah. But it's still
sexual harassment, isn't it?
Oh well, guess we have no
choice; I've gotta ask her.
This deal might
save the universe,
but it's gonna wind up
getting me killed by Bulma.
Okay, we're all set!
You've got yourself a deal.
So then, what's this
great superpower of yours?
Ahem.
Get a load of this!
See, I can take any warrior--
no matter how amazing
to start with--
and using my power, pull his
hidden strength out from deep,
and I mean deep inside him,
bringing untapped vigor
to the surface
and pushing the fighter
beyond his limits! He-heh!
Now then boys, tell me,
have you ever heard
of such a thing before?
[KIBITO, SUPREME KAI]
Ooh!
Well, actually, I think that's
a pretty common ability.
Hogwash! To their
limits and beyond!
Their limits and beyond,
I push them!
Name somebody else
who does that--anybody else!
Can't, can you?
Well, when you put it that way,
maybe you're right.
[chuckles nervously]
Hey. You're the one
who finally managed
to pull the sword
out of the stone, right?
Huh?
Go stand over there a minute.
[GOHAN]
Uh, okay.
If you're already able
to retrieve that sword
and swing it around, then by
the time I'm through with you...
...oh, you'll be the strongest
man in the universe.
[ELDER KAI]
Funny, you know.
I thought for sure the one
who'd yank that sword
and released me from
my infernal imprisonment
would have been like myself;
one of the proud
and mighty Supreme Kai.
But, no--to my astonishment,
it was a measly Earthling.
What are the worlds coming to?
I know. I'm terribly sorry, sir.
Now. You just stand still,
and try not to fidget around
too much, will ya.
Yes!
All right then, let's do this.
Off you go
to dispose of Majin Buu!
[BOTH]
Hm?
[SUPREME KAI]
Mmmm...?
[gulp]
[ELDER KAI grunting]
Uh...
[hollers in a chanting manner]
[GOKU]
Uuuuh...
[BOTH]
Uuuh...
[nonsensical hollering]
[GOHAN]
Um, is all of this...?
Keep your mouth zipped!
This is an extremely
important ceremony!
A ceremony? Honestly?
--[KIBITO] Uuuh...
--[ELDER KAI hollers]
--[GOKU] Uuuh...
[ELDER KAI continues]
[GOKU]
Uh, hey. So, uh... Listen.
How long you think
this is gonna take?
Five hours for this part,
then it'll take another
20 hours for the power-up.
[GOHAN shrieks]
[GOKU chuckles nervously]
Well, in that case, I think
I might as well go take a nap.
Hang in there, son!
You got this!
Wish I could nap.
[hollers]
So, it would look bad
if we didn't stay awake
for this whole ceremony, right?
Yes, sir. Probably would.
This... sucks.
[GOTEN, TRUNKS]
Fu...sion! Ha!
All right. That was good.
I think you've got it,
more or less.
[BOTH groan]
It's time for a trial run
to see if you can
do this for real.
Now, both of you make
your energy exactly the same.
[GOTEN, TRUNKS]
'Kay!
[TRUNKS] After all this,
am I really gonna be able
to merge with Goten?
I kinda doubt it.
I mean, the whole thing
seems pretty far-fetched.
Okay. Let's gooo!
[BOTH]
Yeah!
[GOTEN, TRUNKS]
Fu...sion! Ha!
--[OOLONG grunts]
--[GOTEN, TRUNKS] Fu...sion! Ha!
--[MARRON giggles]
--[OOLONG grunting]
--[YAMCHA] Hey!
[YAMCHA]
Guess what.
Looks like the boys
are about ready
to actually give
this Fusion thing a try.
You mean they're
finally done training?
[KRILLIN chuckles]
Let's go check it out!
[OOLONG grunts]
Dang it!
[YAMCHA]
They're gonna do it outside.
Can't have 'em blowing up
the palace if they release
some big mega-burst
of energy when they fuse.
If they manage to merge,
they'll supposedly form
some kind of ridiculously
powerful super-warrior,
but I can't imagine what they'll
look like mixed up together.
Eh, those two lads already
look pretty much the same to me,
so they probably won't look
all that different combined.
[laughs]
What if they come out
all muscle-y like
a bulked-up macho man?
What about their name?
What are we gonna call 'em
after they fuse together?
They're Goten and Trunks,
so would it be "Gotenks"?
Or maybe it would be
"Trunten"? Oh my.
Either way, it's gonna be
quite a jumbled-up mouthful.
What are you worrying about?
Once they merge,
they're only supposed to
stay like that for 30 minutes.
So, does it really even matter
what their name is?
Yeah, but... how 'bout
when we call them for dinner?
Oh. They're getting started now!
Now, Trunks,
restrain your energy a little.
This is pretty tough, huh?
All right. That's better now.
You've got your
energies lined up.
Now, it's time.
Begin the Fusion!
It's happening!
[GOTEN]
Hm!
[BOTH]
Fu...sion!
Ha!
--[CHICHI gasps]
--[BULMA] No way!
[VIDEL]
That's unreal!
[PUAR, CHICHI scream]
[ALL gasp]
[BOTH gasp]
[KRILLIN]
Uuh?!
[PICCOLO]
Eeh! Ugheh!
Uh... So..?
[YAMCHA]
Is that it?
So, are we sure they can
change back to normal again?
Even a mother
couldn't love that face.
Is that the hero
Goku promised would be
our last hope to defeat
Majin Buu and save the world?
[KRILLIN] 'Cause I gotta say,
he doesn't really look like it.
But he must be, right?
A-ha! I get it now!
[laughs]
Goku, you crazy rascal, you!
Who better to
beat a blob like Buu?
What do you think
he's about to do?
[yells, grunts]
[YAMCHA]
I think he's starting to run.
[panting]
[ALL]
Aah!
[ROSHI] A-ha. Well,
this was a total bust.
[PICCOLO]
I figured.
--Kids, pay attention.
--Huh?!
This happened 'cause
when you said "--sion,"
Trunks had
his fingers sticking out.
But at that part, both of you
are supposed to be making fists.
Hm. See?
Okay? Got it?
[PICCOLO] All right.
Let's try this again.
Well? Go on and change back!
[grunts]
So how do I do that?
Ah!
[grunts]
We've got no choice.
We'll just have to wait
for 30 minutes to pass.
[KRILLIN] This is crazy!
You're not Trunks or Goten!
What gives?
[ROSHI] How'd you get
that strange new outfit?
[VIDEL] So, what happened
to Goten and Trunks?
[GOTENKS]
Uh. Ah. Uhh...
[YAMCHA]
Do you have a name, big guy?
Yeah, Gotenks.
Aah! You see?
So it is Gotenks after all!
[MR. POPO]
Thirty minutes has passed.
Should be any moment now.
[ROSHI yelps]
[GOTEN, TRUNKS]
Uaah!
--[BULMA] Oh, it's Trunks!
--[CHICHI] Goten!
So, did we fuse?
I don't know.
Oh, come on guys;
what'd it feel like?
When you two merged?
So you can't remember,
is that what you're saying?
Uh-huh.
Well, you should be proud;
you really pulled it off!
And you have given us
a ray of hope!
[footsteps]
Could everyone please
save their conversations
until after the battle is over?
Right now,
every little second counts.
Boys, let's try again!
And begin!
[BOTH]
Fu...sion! Ha!
[PICCOLO grunts]
[GOTENKS groans]
Strike two.
They botched it again.
Sure looks that way.
He hasn't even
done anything yet
and already he looks exhausted.
[PICCOLO] Ugh! This time,
at "Ha!" your fingers
weren't lined up
correctly. Go again!
[inhales]
[coughing]
Well, in 30 minutes, of course.
Okay. It's time!
[grunts]
[BOTH]
Fu...sion. Ha!
[PICCOLO]
That was perfect!
We're witnessing the birth
of the warrior who will
defeat Majin Buu!
[ALL groan]
Holy cow!
[gasps]
Whoa! That was
some energy blast!
And it worked!
It actually worked!
I can't believe it!
Incredible!
I'm no expert,
but it does seem like
the boys did a pretty good
job this time.
Well, judging by his appearance,
he does look stronger.
Yeah, he does! Even I can tell
he's rocking some
out-of-this-world power!
I mean, just look
at him; he's amazing!
[PICCOLO]
Ha! You finally got it right.
Now we just have
to wait 30 minutes
so you can do it again,
this time at Super Saiyan.
Uh, uh, uh!
You're underestimating
my awesomeness!
'Scuse me?
I'm more than strong enough
now to wipe the floor
with that Buu guy!
You fool! What are you saying?
You don't know the first
thing about Majin Buu.
Or how fierce he can be!
I don't care how much
stronger you've grown,
you're still no match
for that beast!
Trust me. You're simply
not ready to face him yet!
Hah! So, you doubt me?
Fine. Doubt me.
I'll just have to show you.
Show you Buu's
dead body, that is!
Uuuh--
--[ALL gasp]
--Hey! Trunten! Gotrunks!
[MR. POPO]
Almost Piccolo; it's Gotenks.
Aha! Buu's over there.
And close enough
for me to whoop his butt
and still make it
back to the Lookout
with plenty of time to spare!
Wow! He's so fast!
[PICCOLO] That arrogant punk!
If he gets himself killed,
all our hopes for survival
will die with him!
Well, this combo kid
may be a little bit cocky,
but Goku was sure
he'd be strong enough,
so maybe this isn't
a total disaster.
That's right.
Seemed pretty certain.
Maybe he knows
something we don't.
[GOKU snoring]
Ah-choo!
[yawns]
You have a nice
nap there, Goku?
Hey, Supreme Kai, how goes it?
Hm? Where's Gohan at?
Is he all powered-up
and finished with
that silly ceremony yet?
[ELDER KAI hollers]
Never ends!
You weren't out long.
It's only been two hours.
So, we've got at
least another three
before he finishes the
ceremony. Best settle in.
Hey! Gohan! How's your power?
Jeez, Dad. Really?
You're so not helping.
[ELDER KAI continues]
[NARRATOR]
The boys' Fusion was a success.
However, only time
will tell if Gohan can also
power up using the supernatural
gift of the Supreme Kai
from 15 generations ago.
The moment of Earth's
annihilation draws closer,
next Dragon Ball Z Kai!
♪ Closing Song ♪
[GOKU]
Hey! It's me, Goku!
The good news is, you've got
Fusion down perfectly.
The bad news is, it may have
changed your personalities, too.
[GOTENKS]
Ha-ha-ha!
Going toe-to-toe against
the great Gotenks,
Majin Buu doesn't
stand a chance!
[GOKU] Next time
on Dragon Ball Z Kai:
[GOHAN] You really think
he can defeat Majin Buu?